Update environment-variables.md (#3269)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/environment-variables.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/Environment Variables/warehouse-override.png" title="Adding environment variables to your connection credentials"/>

:::info Environment Variables and Snowflake OAuth Limitations
Env vars work just fine with username/password and keypair (and thus in scheduled jobs), because it simply inserts jinja into the autogenerated `profiles.yml` which dbt Core then consumes by resolving the jinja to do an `env_var` lookup. 

Env vars can be used in the Connection settings with Snowflake OAuth, but there are limitations. 

> Snowflake OAuth Connection fails to connect when supplied with an environment variable in the account/host field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Something to note, if you supply an environment variable in the account/host field, Snowflake OAuth Connection will **fail** to connect. This happens because the field doesn't pass through Jinja rendering, so dbt Cloud simply passes the literal `env_var` code into a URL string like `{{ env_var("DBT_ACCOUNT_HOST_NAME") }}.snowflakecomputing.com`, which is an invalid hostname.
```

> This field does not pass through jinja rendering, so dbt Cloud simply passes the literal `env_var` code into a URL string like `{{ env_var("DBT_ACCOUNT_HOST_NAME") }}.snowflakecomputing.com`, which will fail because that is not a valid hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/Environment Variables/warehouse-override.png" title="Adding environment variables to your connection credentials"/>

> :::info Environment Variables and Snowflake OAuth Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Environment variables and Snowflake OAuth limitations
```

> Env vars work just fine with username/password and keypair (and thus in scheduled jobs), because it simply inserts jinja into the autogenerated `profiles.yml` which dbt Core then consumes by resolving the jinja to do an `env_var` lookup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Env vars works fine with username/password and keypair, including scheduled jobs, because dbt Core consumes the Jinja inserted into the autogenerated `profiles.yml` and resolves it to do an `env_var` lookup. 
```

> Env vars can be used in the Connection settings with Snowflake OAuth, but there are limitations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are some limitations when using env vars with Snowflake OAuth Connection settings:

- You can't use them in the account/host field, but they can be used for database, warehouse, and role. 
```

> You cannot use them in the account/host field but you can for the others, like database/warehouse/role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
